he gets new halo film and dvd fan
dvd ripper today job determines the way
probably virtual massacre before is the first
foreign production 2009 emerged
and the title can be just the way to measure
luggage phenomena karen especially the
original stuff like to hold her too
has a role due to his
Icelandic roots are well
offered and he fits well in the
Familys
in the movie thumb goes that a group
colorful dice tourists to japan
america germany and france has
but make bulwark in the gate in Iceland
want
So whales out to sea
tie
I was the entrepreneur wants to look
However, there is a bit in the
trousers of this drunk franzose worries
for more totally weirdly absurd accident around
Short time later , I wore alone
on the cutter there without sailor and also
without captain so fortunately in fisherman in
on so they can be rescued
ship of projecting
run-down whaler that should
However, the current case turns out to be
because the other two members and
Have friends of mother and his brother
an insane kohldampf on yes
tourists and do not make any out
and a short time later it starts
big ones die
and the title really fits too little
is a nice place and the massacre
not really done and I did
ironically say and needed
were perfect for me because of the
eu
also in relation to the vaal drive up
the situation and so on and so forth
is almost incidentally mentioned and that
japanese for having on board will still
times the tip of the iceberg so that
really some good scenes where you look
can either laugh dead or a child
including the film is I have to
then gorgeous politically and correctly and
especially on this little one
Horror movie
especially since he also the bag the same thing
not being here in the woods
is cloaked noticed but also to
open lake rundown
whaling ship and this petting that must
I will say and refreshing
handcrafted the film over the top
The leaves are coming to you, too
cost where at 3 to 14 just
the violence is really printed too
but want to protect but would be good
distributed over the film and that I end
would be really really nice bitter the
commitment of guarantors I have to then
was also quite well defended the
Icelandic words and pastor at 53
however, he does not bring much to the goal
to say some of the actors
act very bumbling times some
topics and then a little stupid
fancy your classic but that
one does not have the five for that one
really very well done and solid
and you really can not do that anymore
That's where you can get your money's worth
because some moments with mountains
surprisingly noticed
Therefore, I give the film 7.5 out of 10
Score that was really one
Surprise and the dvd of teleport
I also have to'll say good enough
the solid comes in one really
beautiful embossed and from slipcase the gentleman
the classical artwork which of course
shows what's up this waiting ash
by graf and who not really because
as a player four times on the
party ship extras are not much there
gives a make -of so see comes
however without German subtitles
but not as bad as one goes
quarter of an hour
if you still have the trailer in English
and German and before you get a dvd
einlag comes still falls itself expire
Métrailler to other titles from the
program of tele cures technical picture
and ton are on a very good
level
a logical production one can
really do not complain I have to say
I can friends of horror films
the but absolutely absurd humor and
irony really stand this movie
while annoyed while he succeeded
i was very surprised i did so
not not much expected yet one
Recommendation worth in any case this
whale watching marica of course I am
sometimes a trick
in the comments whether he is the main
We already know this movie
what have you heard you can please me
I would be very interested in writing
yes and i hope you have the dvd review
fallen and not expensive london
[Music]
on the mind
Yes
[Music]